REMINDER: USB Hot Plate

Optical contacting:
------------------
See original propsal for most references directly relating to optical contacting

A theoretical study of optical contact of vitreous silica by T. D. Barber:
Probably one of the best papers I've found so far. It speculates on how optical contacting occurs on a molecular level in good detail.

Tangentially related:
---------------------
Effect of van der Waals forces on thermal conductance at the interface of a single-wall carbon nanotube array and silicon (https://doi.org/10.1063/1.4904099):
The conclusion that it improves thermal conductance may have relevance in regards to heating up the silicon plates for improved optical contacting. 

High accuracy measurement of the residual air gap thickness of thin-film and solid-spaced filters assembled by optical contacting (https://doi.org/10.1016/j.optcom.2005.10.015):
This describes a potential way to assess the quality of a bond. It also raises a good point about the longevity of the bonds.


Silicon 101:
------------
The Chemistry of Silicon by E.G. Rochow:
A general introduction to the properties of silicon and silicon-containing molecules. 


Van der Waals:
--------------
Van der Waals Forces: A Handbook for Biologists, Chemists, Engineers, and Physcists by V. Adrian Parsegian:
I did not get the chance to read this carefully, but this looks valuable for any general questions on the concept.

Optical contact and van der Waals interactions: the role of the surface topography in determining the bonding strength of thick glass plates (https://iopscience.iop.org/article/10.1088/1464-4258/3/1/314/meta):
This does a good job of introducing and explained the (speculated) forces behind optical contacting. Specifically, it explains van der Waals forces and their relevance to bonding two surfaces. There’s quite a few valuable references as well.

Is adhesion superficial? Silicon wafers as a model system to study van der Waals interactions (https://doi.org/10.1016/j.cis.2012.06.006)
It seems to be talking about slightly different silicon wafers, but I liked its introduction to van der Waals interactions, particularlyhow it talks about the interactions also being between the atoms in the bulk material.

The role of van der Waals forces in adhesion of micromachined surfaces (https://www.nature.com/articles/nmat1431):
Slightly off-topic, but I hadn't heard of microelectromechanical systems and thought they were interesting.

[WIP (adding them as I sort through my bookmarks!)]

Related to 1) strenght:

Related to 2) mechanical q of the bond:

Related to 3) index of refraction:

Harmonic oscillators:
